onebuttonemail
==============

## The Onebutton Emailer

This tool is a standlone web page that you can install on any PHP-enabled web server to help automate the process of sending an email using PHP's mail() function.

### Why did I build this tool?

I needed a fast way that I could test HTML email templates I was working on, but this tool could be useful for other purposes as well.

### How do you install the OneButton Emailer?

Download a ZIP of the project and upload them to your web server, or clone it directly onto your server

### How do you uninstall the OneButton Emailer?

To uninstall this tool completely, simply delete the folder which contains all of its files from your server.

### Why isn't is working?

It likely is working. Just because an email is sent out doesn't mean it will be received on the other end. PHP's mail() function is the most simple way to send a mail message, but unless your domain and server are configured with the right information many email services will send messages generated by it to the spam filter. If at first your message doesn't go through, try again - it's fast and free and you can send as many messages as you need to.

### I need something better than this…

Me too, I just haven't built it yet. The PHPmailer project right here on Github looks like it is a giant improvement over PHP's mail() function, but I haven't had the time to dig into that. Here's the link in case you want to check it out for yourself: https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer

Best of luck, and happy hacking!

Edit by ackroydAI - the mailer can also be seen here https://aiindustries.ml/?contact-AIindustries%2FE-mail
